bind main G move-last-line
bind diff G move-last-line
bind log G move-last-line
bind help G move-last-line
bind pager G move-last-line
bind status G move-last-line
bind stage G move-last-line
bind tree G move-last-line
bind blob G move-last-line
bind blame G move-last-line
bind refs G move-last-line
bind stash G move-last-line
bind grep G move-last-line
bind generic G move-last-line

bind main g none
bind diff g none
bind log g none
bind help g none
bind pager g none
bind status g none
bind stage g none
bind tree g none
bind blob g none
bind blame g none
bind refs g none
bind stash g none
bind grep g none
bind generic g none

bind main gg move-first-line
bind diff gg move-first-line
bind log gg move-first-line
bind help gg move-first-line
bind pager gg move-first-line
bind status gg move-first-line
bind stage gg move-first-line
bind tree gg move-first-line
bind blob gg move-first-line
bind blame gg move-first-line
bind refs gg move-first-line
bind stash gg move-first-line
bind grep gg move-first-line
bind generic gg move-first-line
